NTLMRelay2Self - HTTP to LDAP Relay (#21430)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/windows/local/ntlm_relay_2_self.md

service ticket (ST) for Administrator to the host's CIFS service.

### RUN_PSEXEC

When `true`, uses the obtained Kerberos ticket to launch `exploit/windows/smb/psexec` against the
local host for an elevated SYSTEM session. Defaults to `false`.

Can be used independently of `RUN_GET_TICKET` if a ticket was obtained in a prior run (the module
looks up the latest cached ccache).

### TARGET_PRIVILEGED_USER

The privileged user to impersonate during the S4U2Proxy step. Defaults to `Administrator`.

### SPN

The Service Principal Name to request in the TGS. Defaults to `CIFS/<machine_fqdn>` if left blank.
Useful when targeting a different service (e.g., `HTTP/server.domain.local`).

### RUN_CHECKS

Run pre-flight checks (LmCompatibilityLevel, port availability, target reachability) before starting
the relay server. Default: `true`.

### DOMAIN

The target Active Directory domain FQDN (e.g., `corp.local`). If left blank, the module auto-detects
the domain from the Meterpreter session.

## Cleanup
The module runs the HTTP to LDAP relay server passively as a background job. This server will continue to run until the

> jobs is killed manually. This means if the module is rerun before the original job is killed, there will be a conflict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ntlm_relay_2_self job is killed manually. This means if the module is rerun before the original job is killed, there will be a conflict
```
